README.md, before:

# tls-xb

tls-xb is a cli tool that fetches scores and GPA from [Tsinglan Xiaobao](https://tsinglanstudent.schoolis.cn).

## Features

- Access weighted and unweighted GPA, even when hidden.
- View detailed subject scores for all subjects.
- View scores from previous semesters.
- Color coded scores depending on performance.
- Tabled output.
- Tasks (`-t`, `--tasks`)
    - View task scores, even for unreleased tasks.
    - View proportion of each individual task.

## Prerequisites

- tls-xb uses [viuer](https://github.com/atanunq/viuer) to display the captcha,
  so a terminal supporting one of the [supported graphics protocols](https://docs.rs/crate/viuer/latest)
  is needed. Terminals supporting sixel be can found [here](https://www.arewesixelyet.com).

  Recommended terminals:
  - Windows: [Windows Terminal](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal)
  - macOS: [iTerm 2](https://iterm2.com/)
  - Linux: [Kitty](https://sw.kovidgoyal.net/kitty) or [WezTerm](https://wezfurlong.org/wezterm)

## Install

### Nix

> [!NOTE]  
> Uses development version of tls-xb.

Add this to your `flake.nix`

``` nix
{
  inputs = {
    tls-xb = {
      url = "github:hey2022/tls-xb";
      inputs.nixpkgs.follows = "nixpkgs";
    };
  };
}
```

To install `tls-xb` to your NixOS/Home Manager configuration, add the following to your `environment.systemPackages` or `home.packages` respectively:

``` nix
inputs.tls-xb.packages.${pkgs.stdenv.hostPlatform.system}.default
```

### Install script

## Windows

In the terminal, run:

``` powershell
powershell -ExecutionPolicy ByPass -c "irm https://github.com/hey2022/tls-xb/releases/latest/download/tls-xb-installer.ps1 | iex"
```

## Linux & macOS

In the terminal, run:

``` sh
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -LsSf https://github.com/hey2022/tls-xb/releases/latest/download/tls-xb-installer.sh | sh
```

### From binaries

The [release page](https://github.com/hey2022/tls-xb/releases) contains
precompiled binaries for:

- Windows
   - [Installer](https://github.com/hey2022/tls-xb/releases/latest/download/tls-xb-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc.msi)
   - [Executable](https://github.com/hey2022/tls-xb/releases/latest/download/tls-xb-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc.zip)
- macOS
   - [Apple Silicon](https://github.com/hey2022/tls-xb/releases/latest/download/tls-xb-aarch64-apple-darwin.tar.xz)
   - [Intel](https://github.com/hey2022/tls-xb/releases/latest/download/tls-xb-x86_64-apple-darwin.tar.xz)
- [Linux](https://github.com/hey2022/tls-xb/releases/latest/download/tls-xb-x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu.tar.xz)

### From source

tls-xb is written in [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org),
so the Rust [toolchain](https://rustup.rs) will be needed to compile it.

``` sh
cargo install tls-xb

# Git version
cargo install --git https://github.com/hey2022/tls-xb.git
```

## Update

To update tls-xb simply reinstall a newer version.

## Development

``` sh
git clone https://github.com/hey2022/tls-xb.git
cd tls-xb

# Build
cargo build

# Run
cargo run

# Install
cargo install --path .
```

## Usage

1. In your terminal, run `tls-xb login` to save your login details on your computer.
1. Run `tls-xb` to run the program.

## FAQ

### Can this change my GPA?

No tls-xb only fetches data from <https://tsinglanstudent.schoolis.cn/api>
to calculate your GPA, which does not expose an api to change your GPA.

Commit message:

Improve readme (#93)
* docs: fold nix install instructions

Done to avoid confusion

* docs: fix install script heading level

* docs: add finding help

* docs: simplify development instruction

It was too simple, and was unneeded.

README.md, after:

# tls-xb

tls-xb is a cli tool that fetches scores and GPA from [Tsinglan Xiaobao](https://tsinglanstudent.schoolis.cn).

## Features

- Access weighted and unweighted GPA, even when hidden.
- View detailed subject scores for all subjects.
- View scores from previous semesters.
- Color coded scores depending on performance.
- Tabled output.
- Tasks (`-t`, `--tasks`)
    - View task scores, even for unreleased tasks.
    - View proportion of each individual task.

## Prerequisites

- tls-xb uses [viuer](https://github.com/atanunq/viuer) to display the captcha,
  so a terminal supporting one of the [supported graphics protocols](https://docs.rs/crate/viuer/latest)
  is needed. Terminals supporting sixel be can found [here](https://www.arewesixelyet.com).

  Recommended terminals:
  - Windows: [Windows Terminal](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal)
  - macOS: [iTerm 2](https://iterm2.com/)
  - Linux: [Kitty](https://sw.kovidgoyal.net/kitty) or [WezTerm](https://wezfurlong.org/wezterm)

## Install

### Nix

> [!NOTE]  
> Uses development version of tls-xb.

<details>
<summary>Click to expand</summary>

Add this to your `flake.nix`

``` nix
{
  inputs = {
    tls-xb = {
      url = "github:hey2022/tls-xb";
      inputs.nixpkgs.follows = "nixpkgs";
    };
  };
}
```

To install `tls-xb` to your NixOS/Home Manager configuration, add the following to your `environment.systemPackages` or `home.packages` respectively:

``` nix
inputs.tls-xb.packages.${pkgs.stdenv.hostPlatform.system}.default
```

</details>

### Install script

#### Windows

In the terminal, run:

``` powershell
powershell -ExecutionPolicy ByPass -c "irm https://github.com/hey2022/tls-xb/releases/latest/download/tls-xb-installer.ps1 | iex"
```

#### Linux & macOS

In the terminal, run:

``` sh
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -LsSf https://github.com/hey2022/tls-xb/releases/latest/download/tls-xb-installer.sh | sh
```

### From binaries

The [release page](https://github.com/hey2022/tls-xb/releases) contains
precompiled binaries for:

- Windows
   - [Installer](https://github.com/hey2022/tls-xb/releases/latest/download/tls-xb-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc.msi)
   - [Executable](https://github.com/hey2022/tls-xb/releases/latest/download/tls-xb-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc.zip)
- macOS
   - [Apple Silicon](https://github.com/hey2022/tls-xb/releases/latest/download/tls-xb-aarch64-apple-darwin.tar.xz)
   - [Intel](https://github.com/hey2022/tls-xb/releases/latest/download/tls-xb-x86_64-apple-darwin.tar.xz)
- [Linux](https://github.com/hey2022/tls-xb/releases/latest/download/tls-xb-x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu.tar.xz)

### From source

tls-xb is written in [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org),
so the Rust [toolchain](https://rustup.rs) will be needed to compile it.

``` sh
cargo install tls-xb

# Git version
cargo install --git https://github.com/hey2022/tls-xb.git
```

## Update

To update tls-xb simply reinstall a newer version.

## Development

A development shell is provided with the nix project flake,
to enter it run `nix develop`.

## Usage

For help, run `tls-xb -h`.

1. In your terminal, run `tls-xb login` to save your login details on your computer.
1. Run `tls-xb` to run the program.

## FAQ

### Can this change my GPA?

No tls-xb only fetches data from <https://tsinglanstudent.schoolis.cn/api>
to calculate your GPA, which does not expose an api to change your GPA.
